Hello everyone !
N – I'm Nishant a blockchain dev (Cardano)

S – I'm shanmukh, a vfx artist (Mantrix Studios)

S - We created PROXIE, an advanced voice assistant.

N – It is based a fusion of different Nueral Networks like GPT-3, Brainshop AI, Rasa, Tensorflow and Bloom 

S – It is trained on over 75 billion nueral cells and its possibilities are only limited to your imagination 

S – The scientific principles used here are – MQTTserver connection, Automatic Speech Recogntion, GTTS (Google Text to Speech), ANN (Artificial Nueral Networks) ,  

N – It is trained on many more nueral cells than an average voice assistant and is way more accurate to converse with. 

S – The most prominent features or modes are - 

N -  1) “The Summarization mode” where it can explain a 12th grader topic to a 2nd grader.
       2) “the grammar correction mode” where it corrects the grammatical mistakes and reads out the correct sentence.
       3) “Q and A mode” where it can fully converse with a human being.	 
       4) It is even designed in a “Portable and pocket friendly” way !

S -  We have intergrated a variety of different plugins to extend the functionalities of these nueral networks, They are -  

N – APISetu – which has all the official govt. Data 

S – “Condensation of Court Sessions into just a few lines” : Here, using a variety of algorithms, the live RSS feed of several courts, which contains tens of pages of info, is retrieved and condensed into only a few lines. 

S – This can be made using the Official kanoon api and our nueral engines 

N –  our voice assistant has all these new and advances features, differentiating it from the other voice assistants.

S – we designed the voice assistant in a cost efficient way which will be less than 1500rupees unlike the other voice assistants which are 3-4 thousand 

N-  It is mainly focused on Aspiring Students, researchers, Busy professionals, People working in judiciary and journalists 

S- our main moto for this project is that to make this the first ever voice assistant made in India which is portable and affordable !! 



N – Here now we will show the working mode
